Update tmr-meeting-recording-change.md (#7494)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/tmr-meeting-recording-change.md

|Rolling out starting January 11, 2021<br> *(Complete)* &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|**GCC only**<br> While GCC customers can opt out starting October 5, you're unable to opt in. This feature will be rolled out to all GCC customers starting January 11, 2021, unless you've opted-out.<br>  <br>Starting on January 11, 2021, all new Teams meeting recordings for GCC customers will be saved to OneDrive for Business and SharePoint unless you delay this change by modifying your organization’s Teams Meeting policies and explicitly setting them to **Stream**. <br><br>If you've opted-out but are ready to turn on this feature, you may do so by setting your Teams Meeting Policy explicitly to **OneDrive for Business**. |
|Rolling out starting March 1, 2021<br> *(Complete)*  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|**GCC-High and DoD only**<br> Customers can now enable cloud meeting recordings in their Microsoft Teams for the first time. These recordings will be stored and played on OneDrive and SharePoint by default. |

> |Rolling out starting July 7, 2021<br> *(Complete)*  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|**All customers (Enterprise, Education, and GCC)**<br> For a Teams meeting recording, a copy of the live transcript will be stored as metadata of the recorded file on Stream on Sharepoint and OneDrive and the transcript for the recording will be searchable in M365 search and via eDiscovery. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Rolling out starting July 7, 2021<br> *(Complete)*  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|**All customers (Enterprise, Education, and GCC)**<br> For a Teams meeting recording, a copy of the live transcript will be stored as metadata of the recorded file on Microsoft Stream on Sharepoint and OneDrive and the transcript for the recording will be searchable in Microsoft 365 Search and via eDiscovery. |
```
